Location: Pleasanton, California

Team: Enterprise Application Services

Work Type: Full Time

Nisum is a leading global digital commerce firm headquartered in California, with services spanning digital strategy and transformation, insights and analytics, blockchain, business agility, and custom software development. Founded in 2000 with the customer-centric motto “ Building Success Together®,” Nisum has grown to over 1,800 professionals across the United States, Chile,Colombia, India, Pakistan and Canada. A preferred advisor to leading Fortune 500 brands, Nisum enables clients to achieve direct business growth by building the advanced technology they need to reach end customers in today’s world, with immersive and seamless experiences across digital and physical channels.

What You'll Do
Build pixel-perfect, buttery-smooth UIs across both mobile platforms.
Leverage native APIs for deep integrations with both platforms.
Diagnose and fix bugs and performance bottlenecks for performance that feels native.
Reach out to the open source community to encourage and help implement mission-critical software fixes—React Native moves fast and often breaks things.
Maintain code and write automated tests to ensure the product is of the highest quality.
Transition existing React web apps to React Native.
What You Know
Strong experience in React Native Framework is a must
Experience on mobile platforms
Ability to write well-documented, clean Javascript code
Rock solid at working with third-party dependencies and debugging dependency conflicts
Familiarity with native build tools, like XCode, and Gradle (Android Studio, IntelliJ)
Understanding of REST APIs, the document request model, and offline storage
Experience with automated testing suites
Independent thinker that can identify problems and provide creative solutions
Good communicator and team player
Education
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, Computer Applications, or related field.
Benefits
In addition to competitive salaries and benefits packages, Nisum US offers its employees some unique and fun extras:
Professional Development - We offer in-house technical training and professional learning programs aimed at developing skills across a broad spectrum of topics such as technology, leadership, role-based training, and process expertise. We also offer an annual stipend for employees to attend external courses in order to maintain professional certifications
Health & Wellness Benefits - We believe that your health and welfare are important, and we strive to ensure that you have affordable options available to you, including some plans that are subsidized for employees and their families by up to 90%. We also have dental, and vision plans in the US where Nisum pays 100% of premiums for employees
Volunteerism Pay - We believe in giving back and in the US, our employees are eligible for up to 40 hours of paid time off each year to volunteer towards the causes that they are most passionate about. This is in addition to personal PTO and paid holidays
Additional Benefits - We offer all the other important benefits to keep employees and their families healthy and financially secure, such as 401(k) retirement savings with a company match, pre-tax parking and transit programs, disability insurance, and Basic Life/AD&D, alongside exclusive employee discounts on a wide variety of products and services
Compensation Band
$130-140k per year
Nisum is an Equal Opportunity Employer and we are proud of our ongoing efforts to foster diversity and inclusion in the workplace.